#Using GitHub.com from the Mac OS Command Line

**Q**: How do I push a local repository to my account on [github.com](http://www.github.com). **A**: Access you github account and click "Create a New Repo" in the upper right corner. Name the repository and click "Create repository". Make sure you've installed git and that the command `git` is in your path. Now from the command line use the following commands to initialize you git installation.

    #!bash
    $ git config --global user.name "&lt;your-name&gt;"
    $ git config --global user.email &lt;the-email-registered-on-github&gt;
    
Create a local repository with the following commands.

    #!bash
    $ mkdir &lt;repository-name&gt;
    $ cd &lt;repository-name&gt;
    $ git init
    $ touch README
    $ git add README
    $ git commit -m 'initial'
    $ git remote add origin git@github.com:&lt;your-github-username&gt;/&lt;repository-name&gt;.git
    
Before you can push the local changes to github, you have to make sure that your local ssh public key is registered on github. Use the following commands to save any existing ssh keys and create a new private-public keypair.

    #!bash
    $ cd ~/.ssh
    $ mkdir key_backup
    $ mv id_rsa* key_backup/
    $ ssh-keygen -t rsa -C &lt;the-email-registered-on-github&gt;

This will give you a public key stored in the file `id_rsa.pub` you can use the command `cat` to view the contents of the file or open it with your favorite text editor. Copy the full contents of the public key file into the clipboard. Edit you github profile and access the "SSH Keys" section. Click "Add SSH key" and paste your public key into the "Key" field. Finally, click "Add key" to save your changes. 

Now test the connection to github with the command:

    #!bash
    $ ssh -T git@github.com
    
If that is successful, then you can push your local changes to github.com. First change back to the directory containing your repository. Then use the following command: 

    #!bash
    $ git push -u origin master

**Versions**: Mac OS X 10.7.3, git 1.7.5.4.